[Music]
hey guys I am here in Thailand I am
partnering with visa to bring you an
epic adventure whether I'm taking cash
out of ATM or paying with the card it's
safe six ports and it's easy
[Music]
first day in Thailand were actually
going to a Muay Thai lesson you're a
black belt right Thank You icon open I
was a very young lad and that happened
I'm like oddly nervous right now you're
probably like more confident I'm excited
I'm not confident I'm excited I'm
excited to be out here we met a lovely
person just right outside of this place
that we're going to go do some muy Thai
but it's amazing because you've packed
up your stuff basically and just move to
Bangkok so I came with my family there
from Laos so we were in Laos I came to
visit a friend in Bangkok took some
classes here inside today I found a job
and master toddy and Mesirow got a visa
for me so I'm going to be in rear and I
can extend it up to five years since he
has a gym in Las Vegas as well so
hopefully after a few years yeah and
train here and in America question you
can bring it back to a state absolutely
let's inspiration well good luck and I
feel like I guess I'm in good hands you
are
[Music]
my name is Grand Master I'm the father
of boy time this is my gym in Bangkok
the headquarter of boy time people
around the world come here to certify to
be a more Titus rapidly by our school we
got it we got a suit up for this
[Music]
and honored we graduated whoo how's it
feel feel good tonight it we made it
right it is we're sweaty so I am
completely exhausted that was amazing
like three hours I've just learnin
learnin wait wait time now we pulled
over to get some food
very authentic experience here I feel
like we've lived so much life in
Thailand so hard technically we've only
been here for one full day which is
insane to me
it is absolutely insane this place is
beautiful but I don't think I have fully
shown you our hotel situation so we're
actually checking out of this one right
now we got a double upgrade because this
hotel was full and so they're like ah we
don't have any places to put you so I
guess we'll put you in this awesome free
quick hotel tour as we rush to pack up
here's the living area SH the desk the
first bathroom get this we got two
bathrooms of the bedroom okay favorite
part these windows wrap around the
entire bedroom double doors into the
bathroom it's a mess so I got to pack
that you have the bath the double sinks
and look at this view
[Music]
oh my gosh oh my gosh I need it we have
arrived we're going on a boat adventure
day to a awesome Beach and John and I
are passive tourists after you get with
our matching tile and cheese we're at a
floating fish harmless crazy hockey
Lotteria a video doing a kayaking where
we're eating lunch it's Jenny
John John that's the guy look I know
so people is so so pretty
maybe I should start paddling at some
point I'll just pick it all in and enjoy
it thanks John oh look at what we're
paddling into is it already starting to
rain oh we made it back safely for the
moment we got out there in the middle of
the water it just started who down tour
we almost didn't make it back
lunch has arrived oh not sure how to do
this situation but let's go our it
chicken and veggies
[Music]
we are keeping out now speech you're so
lovely so majestic
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
the you guys so much for watching this
video
Tyron I'm so stunning and thank you
again to visa for sponsoring this video
I'm making that trip even possible it
was so so much fun I had and still have
a Visa Card even before this trip so it
was very easy for me to say yes to the
project and everything went so so
smoothly from our hotel gift shop to
Grand Master's potties gym visa was
accepted without any problems and where
cash was only accepted there were eight
hands everywhere in I was able to pull
out cash with no problems and it was
safe and secure so thank you Jesus thank
you guys for watching let me know if
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below if you are new around
here and stay tuned because I have some
more tile and stuff for you guys stay
peachy
okay
[Music]
you